Add Recommendations Block (#642)
Parsely/wp-parsely: src/blocks/recommendations/README.md

# Parse.ly Recommendations Block

This block is designed to showcase links to content on your site as provided by the [Parse.ly `/related` API endpoint](https://www.parse.ly/help/api/recommendations#get-related).

> You can use the Parse.ly Recommendations Block wherever you use the WordPress Block Editor ("Gutenberg") to build your site. That means that you can leverage this feature in `Posts`, `Pages`, or nearly any other custom post type. You can also leverage it in the Full Site Editor's template editor [slated to debut with WordPress version 5.8](https://make.wordpress.org/core/2021/06/16/introducing-the-template-editor-in-wordpress-5-8/) to add it to various layout elements (e.g. a Header, Footer, or Sidebar).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the Parse.ly Recommendations Block wherever you use the WordPress Block Editor to build your site. That means that you can leverage this feature in `Posts`, `Pages`, or nearly any other custom post type. You can also leverage it in the Full Site Editor's template editor [slated to debut with WordPress version 5.8](https://make.wordpress.org/core/2021/06/16/introducing-the-template-editor-in-wordpress-5-8/) to add it to various layout elements (e.g. a Header, Footer, or Sidebar).
```

While there are still references to the code feature code name (and plugin name) Gutenberg, the feature now in core is called the block editor, and we should be comfortable just using that terminology.

Not changed in my suggestion above, but we should be able to replace that incorrect "coming soon in 5.8 reference" with something that better describes what landed in 5.9.

Reviewer 2: I went ahead and replaced "Gutenberg" with "WordPress Block Editor" in the Recommendations Block's code.

Concerning the bit about FSE, this will have to be revised anyway, as the Block is currently not stable in FSE mode.

### Disabled by Default

Note that this block is currently behind a "feature flag" and must be explicitly enabled for the code to load.

To enable the block on your site, add the following line anywhere in your theme code (or a custom plugin) that is sourced [prior to the `init` WordPress action](https://codex.wordpress.org/Plugin_API/Action_Reference) (top-level in your theme or plugin is fine):

`add_filter( 'wp_parsely_recommendations_block_enabled', '__return_true' );`

> This restriction will be lifted and the block code loading will become opt-out in a future release.

Reviewer: Why are we putting this feature behind a flag in the first place? Are we not confident about our own code?

Reviewer 2: The block is in beta and currently has known issues (#711, #703). We are scheduled for release on 21 March, and probably the time is not enough to stabilize it and remove the feature flag.

> ## How to Use

Reviewer: This README isn't going to be surfaced to anyone except developers looking through source code, so customer-facing information from here should go elsewhere and leave this file to be aimed at a developer audience.

- Inside the Block Editor, add the `Parse.ly Recommendations` block via the [standard block controls](https://wordpress.org/support/article/adding-a-new-block/).

> - Use the Block and Inspector Controls to configure the [block attributes](#block-attributes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the Block and Inspector Controls to configure the [block attributes](#block-attributes).
```

> ## Block Attributes

Reviewer: Feels like some of these entries need more description (and not just "it gets passed to the API"), and maybe a list of available options. We can include links to more detailed documentation elsewhere to keep it canonical.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the input. Docs need to be re-read and revised. This is now tracked in #714 and I will be adding all related info which is here in that issue. I'll resolve the other document-related conversations here, so we can focus on code in this space.

> # Parse.ly Recommendations Block

Author: ```suggestion
# Parse.ly Related Links Block
```

Should we consider changing the name of the block (& all underlying nomenclature) to match the endpoint? I can see arguments both ways. For example, we may end up composing the results of multiple endpoints to offer recommendations.

Reviewer 2: I personally prefer "Related Links" over "Recommendations" as it is more descriptive/precise of what the block actually does. What do other contributors think about this?

Reviewer 3: Let's go with Recommendations Block. The related name is tied to a specific endpoint, but Parse.ly refers to this feature as Recommendations: https://www.parse.ly/help/api/recommendations

> This block is designed to showcase links to content on your site as provided by the [Parse.ly `/related` API endpoint](https://www.parse.ly/help/api/recommendations#get-related).

Author: We should link to documentation for the related proxy endpoint here as well as the backend API.

Reviewer 2: Now tracked in #702.

> You can use the Parse.ly Recommendations Block wherever you use the WordPress Block Editor ("Gutenberg") to build your site. That means that not only can leverage this feature in single `Post`'s content (or `Page` or nearly any custom post type), you can also leverage it in the Full Site Editor's template editor [slated to debut with WordPress version 5.8](https://make.wordpress.org/core/2021/06/16/introducing-the-template-editor-in-wordpress-5-8/) to add it to various layout elements (e.g. a Header, Footer, or Sidebar).

Reviewer 2: I found the wording a bit complicated for me, trying to simplify a bit:

```suggestion
You can use the Parse.ly Recommendations Block wherever you use the WordPress Block Editor ("Gutenberg") to build your site. That means that you can leverage this feature in `Posts`, `Pages`, or nearly any other custom post type. You can also leverage it in the Full Site Editor's template editor [slated to debut with WordPress version 5.8](https://make.wordpress.org/core/2021/06/16/introducing-the-template-editor-in-wordpress-5-8/) to add it to various layout elements (e.g. a Header, Footer, or Sidebar).
```

# Parse.ly Recommendations Block

The Recommendations Block is designed to showcase links to content on your site as provided by the [Parse.ly `/related` API endpoint](https://www.parse.ly/help/api/recommendations#get-related).

You can add it in `Posts`, `Pages`, or nearly any other custom post type. From WordPress 5.8 and up, the block can also be used as a [Block-based Widget](https://wordpress.org/support/article/block-based-widgets-editor/). Note however, that the Recommendations Block is not available in the Full Site Editor's template editor. This restriction will be lifted in the future.

## Disabled by Default

> Note that this block is currently behind a "feature flag" and must be explicitly enabled for the code to load.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note that this block is currently behind a feature flag and must be explicitly enabled for the code to load.
```
